I see you have nothing to say
I thought you were a soft rice eating sugar
I never thought you weren't even a lover
Bah, you deserve it
Master Xiao is here
You are dead. Do you want to be raided and captured?
Haha Ye Longyuan
My Chen family is standing here
I beg you to raid our house and exterminate it
If you dare to do this again, it will kill you.
Xiao Lingqin, I will never marry you
I will not marry your brother Xiao Lingtian
I only marry Long Yue
Are you sure you won't marry me?
Or my arrogant big brother Xiao Lingtian
Of course, I, Tang Miaoyin, do what I say
I will never marry you
Do you know who he is?
What do you mean he's my arrogant big brother
Xiao Lingtian